RHDEVDOCS-4033 - Added 1.4.6 release notes (#45069)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-release-notes-1-4-6.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * gitops/gitops-release-notes.adoc

> 

Reviewer: @DebarghoGhosh  I forgot to suggest:
`:_content-type: REFERENCE`

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-4-6_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.4.6

[role="_abstract"]

> {gitops-title} 1.4.6 is now available on {product-title} 4.7, 4.8, 4.9, 4.10, and 4.11.

Reviewer 2: I'm sorry, my bad. OCP 4.11 is not released yet. Maybe we shouldn't mention it in our release notes?

[id="fixed-issues-1-4-6_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

The following issue has been resolved in the current release:

> * Updated base images to the latest version to avoid OpenSSL flaw link: https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2022-0778[(CVE-2022-0778)].

Reviewer: You might want to talk with @libander and evaluate whether to adopt the same practice of listing CVEs that the cluster logging product uses. For example, take a look at `modules/cluster-logging-release-notes-5.3.z.adoc`. 
Otherwise, please consider using the standard bug fix template given here in the Supplementary Style Guide: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#release-notes

Reviewer: If you choose to use the bug fix template, consider rewriting the Description from https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2022-0778 to fit the template.

[NOTE]
====

> Switch to **GitOps-1.4** channel to install v1.4.6 and receive further updates to v1.4.z during its support time frame.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the current release of {gitops-title} 1.4 and receive further updates  during its product life cycle, switch to the **GitOps-1.4** channel.
```
This suggestion:
- Moves the user goal to the beginning of the sentence.
- Omits "v" before the version number to be consistent with usage earlier in the same file.
- Omits the z-version because the original statement would have only been true while v1.4.6 was the latest release.
